Fleet and corporate customers wash now and pay later.
p02
This is where they live.
p03
Portfolio totals up top, three insight panels, and the account list below.
p04
When a fleet manager calls about a bill, you start on this screen.
p05
Four numbers, the whole book.
p06
How many accounts you carry, how many are live, what they owe you right now,
p07
and the average credit line you extend.
p08
Outstanding is the one your callers care about.
p09
It is the money on the street.
p10
Three panels read the portfolio's health.
p11
A balance trend over the year, credit use broken out by location,
p12
and the split of active, suspended, and closed.
p13
Watch the utilization bars.
p14
An account near its limit is an account about to decline.
p15
Down to the list card.
p16
Three buttons sit here.
p17
One of them, Generate Invoices, runs month-end billing across every account
p18
and sends real invoices.
p19
We locate it and we leave it alone.
p20
Know where it lives; never press it on a whim.
p21
The rest is a familiar list.
p22
Search by account, company, or contact.
p23
Filters beside it.
p24
Seven columns, ending in status.
p25
If you have worked the Customer List, you already know this one.
p26
Open one account.
p27
Click a row and the full account view opens.
p28
In the demo tenant every row opens the same sample account,
p29
so read the numbers as a layout, not as one real customer.
p30
The shape is what matters.
p31
The header is the account at a glance.
p32
Company name, an active badge,
p33
then the account number, home location, and primary contact on one line.
p34
Three chips carry the terms:
p35
net thirty, a ten thousand dollar limit, fourteen vehicles.
p36
You know the deal before you read a single tab.
p37
Five buttons up top.
p38
Back and search are safe.
p39
Statement, delete, and edit change or generate records,
p40
so on a support call you read them and stop.
p41
Nothing here gets clicked today.
p42
Six metrics run under the header.
p43
Total balance, available credit, the limit, a monthly average,
p44
the last payment date, and when the account opened.
p45
Balance and available credit add up to the limit,
p46
so one look tells you how much room is left.
p47
Beside the band, a set of quick counts.
p48
Vehicles, invoices, payments, documents.
p49
They are shortcuts into the same records the tabs hold,
p50
with the totals right on the chip.
p51
Ten tabs across the account.
p52
Overview, details, contacts, vehicles, invoices, payments,
p53
activity, documents, notes, and audit trail.
p54
You will not touch all ten on a call.
p55
Knowing they exist means you never have to guess where a fact is stored.
p56
Overview opens on the billing story.
p57
Monthly charges show the average month, the peak month, and last month, over the past year.
p58
This is the account's normal rhythm.
p59
It is what you compare against when a charge looks wrong.
p60
Now the panel that earns this lesson.
p61
Aging splits what the account owes by how long it has gone unpaid:
p62
current, thirty to sixty, sixty to ninety, ninety plus, and a total.
p63
Older buckets are older debt.
p64
Anything sitting in ninety plus is the account most likely to get suspended.
p65
Read this before you promise a customer anything.
p66
Two more panels finish the picture.
p67
Wash frequency shows how hard the fleet is using its vehicles.
p68
Account health rolls up credit use, a payment score, and average days to pay.
p69
Payment score and days to pay are your fast read
p70
on whether this account pays like clockwork or drags its feet.
p71
Click into invoices.
p72
Every bill the account has been sent, with its amount, what has been paid,
p73
the balance, and a status of paid, open, or overdue.
p74
When someone asks about a specific charge,
p75
this is where you find the invoice behind it.
p76
Then payments.
p77
The ledger shows each payment, how it was applied to invoices,
p78
the method, and who posted it.
p79
Watch the status column.
p80
A voided row explains a payment that looked received but was reversed,
p81
which is often the real answer to a billing dispute.
p82
The rest of the tabs, in a sentence each.
p83
Details is the full record.
p84
Contacts, the people.
p85
Vehicles, the fleet roster.
p86
Documents holds agreements.
p87
Notes carries internal comments, some for everyone and some for management only.
p88
Audit trail is the change history.
p89
Activity would be the live feed, but it did not load at capture, so we park it.
p90
Back to the list.
p91
That is a house account, end to end.
p92
The list gives you the portfolio and the billing button you never run casually.
p93
The detail gives you one account's balance, its aging,
p94
and the invoices and payments that answer where a charge came from.
p95
Next time a fleet manager calls, you know the path.